today I'm going to be showing you guys
how to get golden um guns okay so you go
he's in player match right now okay and
then he's going to switch the lobby to
theater mode shortly i don't know it's
taking him okay theater mode and then
he's going to click switch lobbies
playwrights theatre play around theater
but then this black screen comes up and
then that then click a and then be when
you see that grey square go down to
local go to system link and then go to
create a class and then pretty much just
click any class click it click it then
go down to camo hover over the gold and
then it should an error should pop up
shortly there we go notice and then
click OK switch lobbies then go to
private match create a class and there
you have it primary camo and then you
got the gold camry you got everything
you can look at you got all the probook
you can toggle between pro perks this is
amazing i just found out how you can do
it you got everything every attachment
every everything literally everything is
unlocked it's pretty much just like you
beat the game but um so I'm look at my
level i'm only level i believe I'm 37 I
got the ak-47 golden in my class and I
got the commando in my class and um this
is not it's the pretty much the newest
glitch it's the newest update so I'm
always trying to help you guys out and
if this helped you out and you guys like
actually watch this video and you
learned how to do it just comment rate
subscribe like the video and say thank
you and that's all I'm asking for all
right guys peace